
Abbreviations and Acronyms
Initial cap as appropriate. Ex.: LDAP, ID

Adverbs	
Initial cap adverbs with four or more letters in headings.

Attributes, classes, commands, literals, subclasses, and other Java-related terms	
Use the appropriate case and the <literal> tag with the name of the term, lowercase the type of term. 
Ex.: className attribute, the curl command

Callouts
Initial cap the first letter of the first word in a callout.

Caption
Example, Figure, Table
Initial cap the first letter of each word unless it is a command, a literal, or code properties.

Features
I propose moving away from initial capping the proper name of any feature. We do not consistently follow the guidelines below, and they can be confusing, and also used incorrectly. ***
Initial cap the proper name, lowercase the type of feature. 
Ex.: common audit framework

Use lowercase when referring to a feature.
Ex: administration connector
Exception: The AM team initial caps "service," as in Core Token Service.
Initial cap "Identity Microservice(s)" and subsets of, such as Token Validation Microservice.
Initial cap "Router" per IG 

Headings and titles
Use title case, 
The following words are not initial capped in headings and titles:
Articles (that, the, an, a)
Conjunctions with less than four letters (and, but, or, as)
Prepositions with less than four letters ( at, for, in, on) 

Index
Initial cap the entries you capitalized in running text.
Ex.: Getting Started

Lists
Initial cap the first letter of the first word.
Exception: Case-sensitive terms including commands, literals, code properties, and others that do not initial cap the first letter of the term.
In lists with bullets or sub-bullets with a colon, initial cap the first letter of the first word unless it is a case-sensitive term as describe above or a URL. Ex..:
IdP-initiated SSO: User redirected to a specialized link.
Will deploy as: http://openam.example.com:18080/myloginsso 

Literals
Use the appropriate case and the <literal> tag with the name of the literal, then user lowercase for the type of literal. 
Ex.: className attribute

Nouns
Proper nouns: Initial cap. 
Ex.: Fedlet, Directory Information Tree, API Explorer

Common nouns: Initial cap at the beginning of a sentence or in a title. Ex.: The Conditions Related to the Object Variable
Prepositions
Initial cap prepositions with four or more letters in headings and titles. Ex.: with, over

Product Names
FR products: Initial cap or as they appear in the product
Third-party product names: Use their spelling. Ex: NGNIX Plus web policy agent
Pronouns
Initial cap in headings and titles.

Proper Nouns	
Initial cap proper nouns: Web Agents, Java Agents, Client Initiated Back Channel Authentication

Running Text
Initial cap the first letter of words like Figure, Table.
Initial cap the first letter of each term that identifies the name of a key on a keyboard. Ex.: Ctrl-Shift + Q.

Script Names
Use initial cap when for the script name when using the full term. Ex.: Korn shell. When referring to a script in running text without “shell”, do not initial cap. Ex: Enable bash completion for the kubectl command to make running the command easier.

Syntax
Initial cap the name of the syntax and lowercase syntax. Ex.: Substring Assertion syntax

Tables, Table Captions, and Table Headings
Initial cap the first letter of each word unless it is a command, a literal, or code property.  

Third-Party Product Terms	Align with their capitalization. Ex.: NGINX Plus web policy agent, Helm chart

UI elements
Align with the UI. 
Initial cap the name and lowercase the element.
Ex.: Zoom In button
