Following are guidelines for formatting our docs

Attributes, classes, and other Java- related terms
Initial cap or lowercase the term as appropriate and lowercase the type. Ex.: the className attribute
Use the full term wherever possible (the className attribute instead of className)
Formatting these terms using the <code> tag (or other tags) is optional. Not formatting a term is preferred.

Conceptual topics
Use any of the following format when writing section headings or chapter titles for conceptual topics:
Prepositions: About Identity Gateway
Nouns: Limitations of the Update Process GKE Software Requirements

Dates
Use the international standard date notation YYYY MM DD.

Features
Initial cap the proper name, lowercase the type of feature. Ex.: the Common Audit framework
Use lowercase when referring to a feature in general. Ex: the administration connector

File paths
Include an initial / only for files and directories that start with the top-level root directory (/tmp, /usr/bin, or /path/to).
When specifying a subdirectory, include a trailing /. Exs.:
In your project's conf/ subdirectory In the css/ subdirectory
When writing about file paths, use the definite article "the" before the noun.
Ex: in the <filename>~/openam/openam/.storepass</filename> and <filename>~/openam/openam/.keypass</filename> files.

File names
Use the full file name. Ex.: the configuration file.

Footnotes
Avoid using them wherever possible. Include the information in running text or a step.

Instructions or steps
Use any of the following format when writing section headings or chapter titles for instructions or steps:
Gerund: Starting a New Project
Present tense: Format the REST Output for Readability

Keyboard commands
Use select, then the key names, such as Ctrl + C. Ex.: Select Ctrl + C to copy the example.

Lists, procedures, and steps
Use parallel construction. This means write every sentence or sentence fragment in a list the same way within a list, procedure or step. You can vary
how lists are written within a chapter or document. One list can have each item start with a gerund and another list can have each item start with a
noun. What is most important is that each list is consistent within itself.
Begin each sentence or sentence fragment with a verb, a gerund, or a noun.
Begin every sentence or sentence fragment in the same list the same way. If one sentence in a list begins with a verb (in present tense), then begin
every sentence in that same list with a verb (in present tense).
Lists are comprised of two or more items that are bulleted, numbered, or variable.
Use sentences or sentence fragments in lists, procedures, and steps.

Introductory sentence
Use a colon as end punctuation in the sentence that introduces a list. Ex.:The Automation and Continuous Integration phase
involves using tools for testing

Menu selections
Use the greater than symbol as shorthand. Ex.: Choose Actions > Add Users. Note the spacing between the words and the greater than symbols.
Use commas as longhand when writing steps involving pages or dialog boxes: Ex.: On the Connect to Server panel, under Server Type, select
Database Engine.

Nouns
Initial cap proper nouns. Ex.: Directory Information Tree, Apache Tomcat
Initial cap common nouns at the beginning of a sentence or in a title.
Ex.: Conditions Related to the Object Variable

Numbers
Running text: For numbers zero through ten, if you have room, spell the name of the number. If you do not have room, write numbers as numerals.
Formatting large numbers in running text: Express them numerically. Ex.: The platform is deployed in a medium cluster with capacity to handle up to
10,000,000 test users.
Storage capacity: Use numerals. Ex.: 8 GB.
Exceptions where using a word instead of a number would clarify the meaning of the sentence: A number that is immediately followed by a numeral:
Ex.: Print 12 (or twelve) 500,000-byte files.
Any number that begins a sentence: Ex.: Ten new users joined the forum.
Approximations: Choose from hundreds of apps for your computer.

References
References to specific chapters or sections in a guide, using the format in the example: Metric information is found in Chapter 10, Section 10.1,
"Metric Types," in the ForgeRock Directory Services Reference Guide.
Formatting references to KB articles in the KB library: See the Knowledge Base article, "Error during shutdown message when stopping an AM 6
instance running on Apache Tomcat"

Running text
Initial cap every word in a title unless it is a conjunction with less than four letters. Ex: Setting Up the Connector Configuration
Initial cap adverbs and prepositions, such as about, as, by, for, in, and with. Ex.: Getting Started With OpenIDM
Do not capitalize literals, commands, and other names in titles or headings. Ex.: Identifying Resource Mappings in sync.json.
Use sentence case in headings. Ex.: Building an app

UI elements
Identify all UI elements exactly as they appear in the UI. Include punctuation, capitalization, and any other relevant details.
Do not format UI elements, dialog box names, and elements of menus and menu commands, toolbar buttons, and icons in any way (bold, italics,
quotes, and others), UNLESS the element includes the aforementioned formatting in the UI. Ex.:
Select the Zoom In button to enlarge the image.
In the Patterns Search dialog box, select Add.
