#Grammar and Mechanics

Acronyms and abbreviations
- Define them the first timethey appear in running text, and use them consistently in your course materials. 
- To define an acronym, use the full form of the term the first time it occurs in running text, followed by the acronym in parentheses. Define only once per guide at the first occurrence.

Abbreviations, Latin
Do not use for translation reasons.

Adjectives
Avoid using adjectives as verbs (conversion). Ex.:SHA-2 will obsolete SHA-1 as the standard for encrypting data.

Adverbs
Do not hyphenate adverbs ending in *ly* that are followed by the adjective or participle, such as highly available data.

Agreement
- If the subject is singular, then the verb is singular. Ex.: A directory server stores two kinds of
attributes in an entry. 
- If the subject is plural, then the verb is plural. Ex.: Phone companies have managed directories
for decades.

Articles
Use a before a consonant sound and an before a vowel sound. Ex.: an https address

Gerunds
Examples of gerunds in procedural topics: Configuring Session States, Restricting Access to Sensitive Data

Infinitives
Use for second-level headings. Ex. Heading 2: To Deploy the Ingress Controller

Nouns
- Examples of noun usage for conceptual topics: Virtual Role Attributes, Server Overview. 
- Do not use "the" (definite article) with uncountable nouns. This is our historical precedent. Ex: AM affinity-based loading balancing enablesCTS token creation load over configured multiple
server instances. (AM affinity-based data not The AM affinity-based data).

Nouns, collective
Treat them as singular.

Noun strings
Avoid. Ex: software deployment improvement possibilities. Rewrite the sentence or the terms within the sentence to avoid them. For example, Some possibilities improving software development include...

Prepositions
Begin sentences with them.

Pronouns
Use *that* or *who* with *the user* in a sentence. Both are correct. Avoid these personal pronouns: I, he, she for translation reasons. 
- Use second person pronoun (you) to address the reader.

That vs. which
When in doubt, use *that*.

Verbs
Use a strong or precise verb instead of a phrasal verb. Ex.: Use *print* instead of *print out*.

What vs. which
Use *what* when you are unsure of the quantity, and *which* when you are sure of the quantity. Ex. Which version should I choose?
