Preface
This guide provides standards for writing and structuring on-prem ForgeRock
docs. A separate style guide is in development for cloud-based docs. 
The goal of this guide is to foster the ForgeRock voice while
accommodating individual styles. Included are recommendations for
grammar, punctuation, capitalization, formatting, writing about the UI,
translation, accessibility, marketing, and branding.

General Rules of Thumb
If a sentence or paragraph is unclear to one
person, it’s probably unclear to others. Rewrite it.
Always align with the product.
Consistency is preferable. It's better to be consistently wrong (style, format) then use different formats. 


About Our Audience
Our readers are technical: 
They design, code, troubleshoot, and maintain the hardware and
software systems for their organizations.
They are proficient in multiple disciplines and technologies,
particularly IAM.
They understand the subject matter and can complete the task
at hand, noobs included.
If they lack knowledge or have questions, they can find the
information they need independently.

Writing For Our Audience

Write in active voice. Active voice is succinct and easier to translate than passive voice. https://www.grammarly.com/blog/active-vs-passive-voice/.
Use a peer-to-peer, informal yet professional voice. Ex: In this guide, you will see how IDM reconciles user data between two data stores.
Address the reader as "you". Address the reader's users as the end user.
Use plain English. ELABORATE
Use simple verbs: Find instead of locate. 
Use the same word with the same meaning every time. For example, if you use clear as a verb in your document, then only use
clear as a verb throughout your guide. Do not use clear as an adjective or an adverb. Use a synonym instead.
User actions: Use the same language to describe recurring user actions consistently. If you use select to describe how a user accesses a
menu item, then use "select" every time you write about a user accessing a menu item.
Begin sentences with adverbs or adverbial phrases. Ex.: When the setup finishes, restart your computer.
Avoid slang, jargon, metaphors, colloquialisms, humor, and American idioms. For a complete list see http://wdcb.stcwdc.org/faq/faqs/jargon-to-avoid/.
Avoid verbing, nouning, neologisms, and other types of conversion: 
Verbing: I Googled the answer.
Nouning: Please eyeball the code change.
Use they/their in place of him/her, and his/hers.
