For  detailed information about UI elements, see Colin Dean's UI Guide.

Box, dialog or text
Use text box to refer to any box to which you can enter text within a dialog box. Do not use field. Ex.: Enter a number in the Number text box.
For dialog boxes that include a list, use list instead of text box for clarity. Ex: Select a format from the Format list.

Button
Use button to refer to the name of a command button on a toolbar or an action button in a dialog box.
Use the name of the button as it appears in the UI followed by the word button in lowercase. Ex: the Back button

Checkbox
Use checkbox to refer to boxes within dialog boxes in which an "x" or a check mark is entered.
Use select or clear to refer to changing the state of the checkbox. Do not use other verbs like check/uncheck, turn on/off, mark/unmark. Ex.: Select
the checkbox next to the desired Username.

Descriptor
Refer to a product by its descriptor instead of program or application. If this is not possible, use program.
Use select or clear to refer to changing the state of the checkbox. Do not use other verbs like check/uncheck, turn on/off, mark/unmark.
Ex.: Select the checkbox next to the desired Username.

Dialog box
Use the full term instead of the shorthand, dialog.

Drop-down menu or drop-down list (?)
Use the name of the text box and drop-down menu. Ex.: Use the View drop-down menu to display the entries.

Highlight
Use highlight to describe the action of using a highlighter tool that uses color to emphasize a text selection in a program.
Ex: Highlight the range of cells to copy.

Icon
Use icon to refer to art or an image associated with a button or screen element, such as the Recycle Bin, or art or image on a tab or screen that is
not associated with a button. Ex.: Select the Remove icon corresponding to the object you want to remove.

Internet: When referring to the internet as the web, use lowercase when referring to the internet.

Menu option
Use menu option instead of command, choice, or item.

Page
Use page to refer to a web page. Ex: Navigate to the Welcome page.

Tabs
Use tab to refer to a tab in a dialog box. Ex.: Select the Preferences tab. Avoid using tab as a verb.
